document Tidal and vsphere password encryption (#187)
tidalmigrations/tidalmigrations.github.io: pages/tidal tools/vsphere.md

The set values are stored in the [default configuration file](/tidal-tools.html#configuration-file).

{% include note.html content="Your configuration file is not encrypted. Only your Tidal Migrations password and vSphere password are encrypted using AES 256 bit encryption." %}

#### Set Manually
You can create a file, for example `config.yml`, with content similar to this:

```
vsphere:
  username: my_user_name_here  
  server: 1.1.1.1
tidal:
  email: my_user_name_here  
  url: https://my_instance_name_here.tidalmg.com
```

> {% include note.html content="Your vSphere and Tidal password must be properly encrypted. In order to do so, you must use the tidal config set command."%}

Reviewer: consider saying it explicitly, can't set or edit passwords in the file.

```suggestion
{% include note.html content="You can not manually set or edit any passwords in the configuration file. They are stored here only as encrypted values. To persist a password, it must be added by using the `tidal config set` command."%}
```
